>> On a new series, "The
Hidden Side of Egypt"
>> Although Giza may be the
focal point of the region,
to understand what
took place there,
one needs to examine
the monuments in context
of the surrounding landscape.
>> This week on Gaia, on
"Stairway to the Stars"
>> Things don't just happen.
You make them happen.
Like, you create and you
intend for things to happen.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure"
>> We're dealing with technology
that's more advanced than we
are, coming from a different
planet that may be light years
away from us.
>> On "The Retreat"
>> The gang are going to be
subjected to more invasive
physical therapies
for about a week.
First up is Oren, the
retreat's osteopath.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightning Talks"
>> How incredible is it that
one of the keys to longevity
and vitality is coming to
us straight out of Mother
Nature's playbook.
>> On "Open Minds
with Regina Meredith"
>> You've got to give
up your expectations.
You've got to live
in the moment.
And you've got to have
a better sense of humor.
>> On "Journeys into the Soul"
>> The conscious mind, the
analytical side of the brain
goes to sleep, and the
subconscious, the inner wisdom,
the higher self
can come through,
answer all the questions, give
them the guidance they need
and the healing.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"
>> In any situation that
may feel a little difficult,
what would love do here?
Make that choice.
>> Only on Gaia.